User Personas

Jessica Smith
Jessica browses Adopt-A-Dog a few times a week from her laptop to see which adoptable dogs or puppies may be the best fit for her active family. She likes the layout of the website for ease of showing the photos to her family, and occasionally reads some blog posts.
Age: 32
Occupation: part-time customer service rep
Equipment: 1 year old smartphone, 2 year old laptop
Demographics: married, two children under seven,  BA, home owner, has owned dogs
Needs: young, medium to large dog that has experience with children under 7
Motivation: Jessica enjoys running and is looking for a running partner who can keep up with her and two young children, who are just beginning to learn how to become responsible dog owners. Jessica's family is willing to adopt a puppy who will need training since she works part time from home and can devote time to train the puppy.

John Jones
John browses Adopt-A-Dog once a week on his laptop to look for a dog that will fit with his relaxed lifestyle. He finds the layout fairly easy to use and likes the streamlined layout of dogs who are adoptable.
Age: 75
Occupation: retired
Equipment: 4 year old smartphone, 6 year old laptop
Demographics: family that visits assisted living home, retired engineer
Needs: small senior dog
Motivation: John is looking for a small senior dog who can live with him at his assisted living facility who can take short walks and enjoys retired life.

Annie Lock
Annie browses Adopt-A-Dog from her smartphone during her lunch breaks a few times a week to find her first dog who will fit in at her new home. She reads many of the blog posts to prepare for responsible ownership.
Age: 28
Occupation: high school teacher
Equipment: 2 year old smartphone, 2 year old tablet, 1 year old lap laptop
Demographics: single, M.Ed, first-time dog owner, new home owner
Needs: young dog with few behavioral issues
Motivation: Annie is looking for the right dog to be her first dog. Since she has no experience owning a dog, she is looking for a young dog who may already know some basic commands that she can walk after getting home from work and enjoy having a large yard to run and play in.
